docs: advanced installation steps (#3328)
akuity/kargo: docs/docs/60-new-docs/40-operator-guide/20-advanced-installation/10-advanced-with-helm.md

---
sidebar_label: With Helm
description: Learn how to perform an advanced installation of Kargo using Helm
---

# Advanced Installation with Helm

> For a customized and secure Kargo setup, follow these advanced installation steps.

Reviewer: We can't really say it's secure... that's going to depend entirely on how they configure it.

I would just reword this to say something about these being generalized instructions for installing Kargo with non-default configuration.

## Installation Steps

1. Extract the default values from the Helm chart and save it to a convenient

> location. In the example below, we save it to `~/kargo-values.yaml`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
location. In the example below, we save it to `kargo-values.yaml`
```

    ```shell
    helm inspect values \

>     oci://ghcr.io/akuity/kargo-charts/kargo > ~/kargo-values.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    oci://ghcr.io/akuity/kargo-charts/kargo > kargo-values.yaml
```

    ```

1. Edit and save the values.

    :::info
    You will find this configuration file contains helpful comments for every
    option, so specific options are not covered in detail here.
    :::

1. Proceed with installation, using your modified values:

    ```shell
    helm install kargo \
    oci://ghcr.io/akuity/kargo-charts/kargo \
    --namespace kargo \
    --create-namespace \

>     --values ~/kargo-values.yaml \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    --values kargo-values.yaml \
```

    --wait
    ```

> For more information on the available configuration options, refer to the [Kargo Helm Chart README](https://github.com/akuity/kargo/tree/main/charts/kargo).

Reviewer: I think this could be moved up into the info box, as this detail is most relevant right after instructing readers to "edit and save the values" and after having also mentioned the that values files is annotated with helpful comments.

Reviewer: A link to operator-guide/security/secure-configuration with a mention that it covers important security related configuration in-depth could also be quite helpful.

---
sidebar_label: With Helm
description: Learn how to perform an advanced installation of Kargo using Helm
---

# Advanced Installation with Helm

This section outlines the general steps for customizing Kargo's configuration
when installing it via Helm.

1. Extract the default values from the Helm chart and save it to a convenient
location. In the example below, we save it to `kargo-values.yaml`

    ```shell
    helm inspect values \

>     oci://ghcr.io/akuity/kargo-charts/kargo > kargo-values.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      oci://ghcr.io/akuity/kargo-charts/kargo > kargo-values.yaml
```

    ```

1. Edit and save the values.

    :::info
    You will find this configuration file contains helpful comments for every
    option, so specific options are not covered in detail here.

    Detailed information about available options can also be found in the
    [Kargo Helm Chart's README.md](https://github.com/akuity/kargo/tree/main/charts/kargo).

    Additionally, for important security-related configuration, check the [Secure Configuration Guide](../40-security/10-secure-configuration.md).
    :::

1. Proceed with installation, using your modified values:

    ```shell
    helm install kargo \

>     oci://ghcr.io/akuity/kargo-charts/kargo \
>     --namespace kargo \
>     --create-namespace \
>     --values kargo-values.yaml \
>     --wait

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      oci://ghcr.io/akuity/kargo-charts/kargo \
      --namespace kargo \
      --create-namespace \
      --values kargo-values.yaml \
      --wait
```

# Advanced Installation with Helm

> For a customized Kargo setup, follow these generalized instructions for installing Kargo with non-default configuration.

Reviewer: I try to stay away from "setup" because it feels vague.

```suggestion
This section outlines the general steps for customizing Kargo's configuration
when installing it via Helm:
```

> ## Installation Steps

Reviewer: This page is so short that this heading feels unnecessary.

```suggestion
```

1. Extract the default values from the Helm chart and save it to a convenient
location. In the example below, we save it to `kargo-values.yaml`

    ```shell
    helm inspect values \
    oci://ghcr.io/akuity/kargo-charts/kargo > kargo-values.yaml
    ```

1. Edit and save the values.

    :::info
    You will find this configuration file contains helpful comments for every
    option, so specific options are not covered in detail here.

>     For more information on the available configuration options, 
>     refer to the [Kargo Helm Chart README](https://github.com/akuity/kargo/tree/main/charts/kargo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Detailed information about available options can also be found in the
    [Kargo Helm Chart's README.md](https://github.com/akuity/kargo/tree/main/charts/kargo).
```
